How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	shows only lines that have changes --> eliminates the need to visually scan all lines in two files to find 
	those that have changes.

	made it much easier to find changes which contained the bug.
	
	learned how to set-up  git and reviewed/remembered some unix commands 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer
	in the long term?

	able to see how the file had changed and evolved over time
		both in content and in structure
	
	can observe evolution of style and understanding
	
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
	vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
	
	good --> definitely need to save when I want to.
	bad --> auto-saving is too often --- what about changing then realizing
		it was wrong and restoring most of change   history would be too messy to look through
	good --> ability to brake down changes based on which part of code was changed 
		logic, new feature, variables, comments, ....

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
	while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	
	clearly coding often requires changes in several files ... especially when rather large changes occur
		eg. early in a project or when re-writing or re-factoring or adding functionality.
		
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log :   shows all commits
	git diff : id#n id#(n-1) shows all changes made to id#n   red --> deletions, green --> additions

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	not so afraid to try things even though they may require changes in several different areas
		--- as long as you commit and comment the commit at the right times

	be sure to keep the most recent id#'s  ( or keep the terminal open to the original  git log  listing )
	
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	first:  to learn to use git.
	second:  to use it to keep track of various programs/projects changes etc.
	third:   can I use it for a central repository for code from eclipse, netbeans, processing ?????